---
layout: posts
classes: wide
title:  "List of projects for CS3401"
author_profile: true
---
Use the form link to choose a project : 

[Form Link for male section](https://forms.gle/epTUNa6T51AF1vSp6)
[Form Link for female section](https://forms.gle/fKY6qwwh6shRWEVN8)

# Project 1
> Solving the Knapsack problem using the bottom-up Algorithm for generationg subsets.

# Project 2
> Solving the Knapsack problem using the binary reflected gray code Algorithm for generationg subsets.

# Project 3
> Solving the travelling salesman problem using the minimal change Algorithm for generationg permutations.

# Project 4
> Solving the travelling salesman problem using the Johnson trotter Algorithm for generationg permutations.

# Project 5
> Solving the travelling salesman problem using the Lexicographic permutation Algorithm for generationg permutations.

# Project 6
> Finding the K<sup>th</sup> smallest element: Implementing the Quickselect algorithm using Lumoto partitionning.

# Project 7
> Finding the K<sup>th</sup> smallest element: Implementing the Quickselect algorithm using Hoare partitionning.

# Project 8
> Implementing the Quicksort algoritm with parameters Quicksort(A[],left,right,pivot,partitionning):
- Choosing the pivot: 1 the first, 2 the median of three, 3 random
- Partitionning algorithm: 1 Lumoto, 2 Hoare

# Project 9
> Implementing an AVL tree.

# project 10
> Implementing a program to test graph acyclicity. An acyclic graph is a graph with no cycles.

# project 11
> Implementing a topological sorting algorithm using DFS.

# project 12
> Implementing a topological sorting algorithm using source removal.